[sitecore-jss] [sitecore-jss-nextjs] Pass `sc_layoutKind` to grapqhl layout request header. (#1907)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

### 🧹 Chores

## 22.1.1

> ### 🎉 New Features & Improvements

Reviewer: Under the features and improvements I would add a note regarding "GraphQLRequestClient" that the "request" method supports dynamic headers

> * `[sitecore-jss]``[sitecore-jss-nextjs]` Pass `sc_layoutKind` to grapqhl layout request header. ([#1907](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1907))

Reviewer: I wouldn't say that it's a feature, since we are fixing the bug
```suggestion
* `[sitecore-jss]``[sitecore-jss-nextjs]` Pass `sc_layoutKind` to GraphQLEditingService request header to support shared/final editing layouts ([#1907](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1907))
```

### 🧹 Chores

## 22.1.1

### 🎉 New Features & Improvements

> NOTE: API was changed, preview data provides a new parameter `sc_layoutKind` therefore, please make the necessary updates to the nextjs template files as shown in the following PR to experience a smooth upgrade.

Reviewer: Can we follow our format of CHANGELOG notes and write some required changes under the specific note? Under line 60 for example
Also this message is too generic at first glance, although it's specific to XM Cloud and Metadata mode.
```suggestion
* [XM Cloud] [Metadata Mode] [Next.js] API was changed, next.js preview data provides a new parameter `layoutKind` therefore, please make the necessary updates in the app in "plugins/preview-mode.ts" as shown in the following PR to experience a smooth upgrade.
```

* `[sitecore-jss]``[sitecore-jss-nextjs]` Pass `sc_layoutKind` to GraphQLEditingService request header to support shared/final editing layouts ([#1907](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1907))

>   * NOTE: `GraphQLRequestClient`'s  `request` method now supports dynamic headers.

Reviewer: This should be extracted as a separate note but with the reference to the same PR. It's a separate new feature
* `[sitecore-jss]` `GraphQLRequestClient` `request` method now supports dynamic headers based on specific request ([#1907](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1907))
  ```ts
  client.request(query, variables, { headers })
  ```
